AB#1058 add update log (#59)
edgelesssys/marblerun.sh: content/docs/reference/coordinator.md

### /update

For updating the packages specified in the currently set Manifest or retrieving a log of all performed updates.

##### GET
**Returns:**

> A structured log of all updates performed using the `/update` or `/secrets` endpoint, including the user performing the update and resource affected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A structured log of all updates performed via the `/update` or `/secrets` endpoint, including timestamp, author, and affected resources.
```
